Add unreleased notes and documentation on the constraints section (#9845)
crate/crate: docs/general/ddl/constraints.rst

    ... );
    CREATE OK, 1 row affected (... sec)

.. NOTE::

   For further details see :ref:`not_null_constraint`.

Check
=====

> The check constraint can be used on any column, it prevents inserts and
> updates of values that do not pass the check test.
> 
> Example::
> 
>     cr> create table my_table3 (
>     ...   first_column integer primary key,
>     ...   second_column integer check(second_column >= 0),
>     ...   third_column string constraint not_you check(third_column <> 'me'),
>     ...   check(first_column >= 100),
>     ...   constraint is_even check(second_column % 2 = 0)
>     ... );
>     CREATE OK, 1 row affected  (... sec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A check constraint allows you to specify that the values in a certain column
must satisfy a boolean expression. This can be used to ensure data integrity. For example: If you have a table to store metrics from sensors and you want to ensure that negative values are rejected::

    cr> create table metrics (
    ...   id TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
    ...   weight double CHECK (weight >= 0)
    ... );
    CREATE OK, 1 row affected  (... sec)
```

I think for the teasing example it is better to keep it simple - only one
constraint of many. The other document then elaborates on the different
variants.

I also think we should try to stop using `my_table...`, but try to come up with a IoT or other real-world examples.
